Update the locust Reporting example (#251)
hellofresh/kangal: docs/locust/README.md

  -F type=Locust
```

> In this last example, the test will run infinitely and no `targetURL` was specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this last example, the test will run infinitely and no `targetURL` is specified in request, since it's set in the test code.
```

Author: Updated in [112d17c](https://github.com/hellofresh/kangal/pull/251/commits/112d17c15adbb37c7fc1b4b7e810d2bd63c113fd).
